fix: link sentry native against static windows CRT (#1875)
getsentry/sentry-unity: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an issue where the SDK would write the `SampleRate` as an `int` instead of a `float` to the Android Manifest, causing issues during the Android SDK's initialization ([#1872](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1872))
- The SDK no longer calls into `Application.persistentDataPath` on unknown platforms. This prevents crashes during startup on platforms with restricted disk access like the Nintendo Switch ([#1870](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1870))

> - Link sentry-native DLL against static Windows CRT ([#1875](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1875))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sentry-native` DLL is not statically linked against Windows CRT. This allows the SDK to provide native support on some Windows systems that do not have CRT installed locally ([#1875](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1875))
```

> - `sentry-native` DLL is not statically linked against Windows CRT. This allows the SDK to provide native support on some Windows systems that do not have CRT installed locally ([#1875](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1875))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sentry-native` DLL is now statically linked against Windows CRT. This allows the SDK to provide native support on some Windows systems that do not have CRT installed locally ([#1875](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1875))
```
